Exabeam fix (#22587)
demisto/content: Packs/Exabeam/ReleaseNotes/2_1_9.md

#### Integrations
##### Exabeam
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.8.39276*.

> - Fixed an issue when calling **exabeam-get-notable-session-details** command, an error occurred if the response *sessions* field is empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where **exabeam-get-notable-session-details** command would fail if the response *sessions* field is empty.
```
